* SquidMusic

This is a system for 1) distributed music access, and 2) remote
speaker control.  The first is handled by SquidMusicWeb, and the
second by SquidSpeaker.


* Requirements

The following software is required for SquidMusic to function.
- SquidMusicWeb :
  1) django (tested with 1.2.1)
  2) sqlite3 (tested with 3.4.0)
- SquidSpeaker :
  2) an mplayer which supports pausing_keep_force (tested with 1.0rc2-4.0.1)


* Installation

Put the SquidMusic directory somewhere.

** Configuring SquidMusicWeb

Edit the SERVER_HOSTNAME variable in the settings.py file to reflect
your server's hostname.

** Configuring SquidSpeaker

Edit the password squidspeaker/settings.py to something else so other
people don't have indiscriminate access of your speakers.


* Running

Run ./runsquidmusicweb and ./runsquidspeaker to get the corresponding
part of SquidMusic running.


* Accessing SquidMusicWeb

Use a browser to go to http://{{SERVER_HOSTNAME}}:2200/ where
{{SERVER_HOSTNAME}} is replaced by your server's hostname.


* Setting up SquidMusicWeb

Initially, there will be no music, the admin account will have a
default password, and there will be one SquidSpeaker entry for
localhost.  To enter the admin panel, click "Admin" next to the search
box.  The admin account is "admin" with password "admin" (which you
should change in the "Auth/Users" panel).

** Adding SquidSpeakers

Go to the "Squidmusicweb/Squid speakers" panel and click "add".  The
port for squidspeakers is always 21212.

** Adding Music

Go to the "Squidmusicweb/Music libraries" panel and click "add".  Add
a name for the library and select the type:

1) local iTunes music library.  The library location is the complete
path to your "iTunes Music Library.xml" file, which, in Mac OS X, is
in ~/Music/iTunes/

2) local directory.  The library location is the complete path to the
root of your music collection

3) squidmusic server.  The library location is the url to the root of
another squidmusicweb installation, with no trailing slash, such as
"http://squidz-r-us.org:2200".  The port number is required in the
URL.

After saving, click the check box next to the library, and use the
drop down menu to synchronize the library to populate the database.
The web site may seem unresponsive, but that's because it takes a
while to go through all of that music!
